This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill - the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes. 
There is no spoon.
Look at all these little things! So busy now! Notice how each one is useful. A lovely ballet ensues, so full of form and color. Now, think about all those people that created them. Technicians, engineers, hundreds of people, who will be able to feed their children tonight, so those children can grow up big and strong and have little teeny children of their own, and so on and so forth. Thus, adding to the great chain of life. You see, father, by causing a little destruction, I am in fact encouraging life. In reality, you and I are in the same business. 
GUESS WHO’S PANTS I’VE BEEN IN?!?
Honey badger don’t care.
I’ve got 99 problems and all of them have to do with the ladies.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
Fishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfishfish
Winter is coming...
There are no men like me. Only me.
1TS OK 1 WONT T3LL JOHN 4BOUT 1T … 1 KNOW TH4TS WH4T YOUR3 WORR13D 4BOUT
A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.
Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.
There is only one god and his name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: “Not today.""
When you play a game of thrones you win or you die.
The world is indeed full of peril and in it there are many dark places. But still there is much that is fair. And though in all lands, love is now mingled with grief, it still grows, perhaps, the greater.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men, doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
The journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement.
Fool of a Took! This is a serious journey, not a hobbit walking-party. Throw yourself in next time, and then you will be no further nuisance.
Go back to the abyss! Fall into nothingness that awaits you and your master!
You know what, you're right. Come here, I want to lay my head gently on your shoulder. Maybe we can cry, hug, maybe even slow dance.
I WILL KILL ALL THE TITANS!!!!!!!!!!
I want to see and understand the world outside. i don't want to die inside these walls without knowing what's out there!
On that day, mankind received a grim reminder. We lived in fear of the titans, and were disgraced to live in these cages we called walls.
Uh, listen Jet. You said "bell peppers and beef." There's no beef in here. So you wouldn't really call it "bell peppers and beef," now would you?
Look at my eyes, Faye. One of them is a fake cause I lost it in an accident. Since then, I’ve been seeing the past in one eye, and the present in the other, so I thought I could only see patches of reality, never the whole picture.
It's not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it, if it were easy.
There's your peace. Joffrey saw to that when he decided to remove Ned Stark's head. You'll have an easier time drinking from that cup that you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now. He's winning, in case you haven't noticed.
Do not fear Death. Death is always at our side. When we show fear, it jumps at us faster than light. But, if we do not show fear, it casts its eye upon us gently and then guides us into infinity...
Pick a good bomb... or just be that guy and play slivers.
IN THE SHADOW REALMMMMMMMMM
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
Besides, nowadays, almost all capable people are terribly afraid of being ridiculous, and are miserable because of it.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
Whenever I meet people for the first time, I get them to talk for ten minutes. Then I size them up from the exact opposite perspective of all they’ve told me. Do you think that’s crazy?
Whether you take the doughnut hole as a blank space or as an entity unto itself is a purely metaphysical question and does not affect the taste of the doughnut one bit.
I get irritated, I get upset. Especially when I'm in a hurry. But I see it all as part of our training. To get irritated is to lose our way in life.
Age certainly hadn't conferred any smarts on me. Character maybe, but mediocrity is a constant, as one Russian writer put it. Russian writers have a way with aphorisms. They probably spend all winter thinking them up.
One of these days they'll be making a film where the whole human race gets wiped out in a nuclear war, but everything works out in the end.
“Everybody has some one thing they do not want to lose," began the man. "You included. And we are professionals at finding out that very thing. Humans by necessity must have a midway point between their desires and their pride. Just as all objects must have a center of gravity. This is something we can pinpoint. Only when it is gone do people realize it even existed.” 
She and I would trade books, talk endlessly, drink cheap whiskey, engage in unremarkable sex. You know, the stuff of everyday.
There's that kind of money in the world. It aggravates you to have it, makes you miserable to spend it, and you hate yourself when it's gone. And when you hate yourself, you feel like spending money. Except there's no money left. And no hope.
Most people, he muses, they're trying to escape from boredom, but I'm trying to get into the thick of boredom.
We can, if we so choose, wander aimlessly over the continent of the arbitrary. Rootless as some winged seed blown about on a serendipitous spring breeze.
Weakness is something that rots in the body. Like gangrene. I’ve felt that ever since I was a teenager. That’s why I was always on edge. There’s this something inside you that’s rotting away and you feel it all along.
“So it was that my most impressionable years of boyhood were spent gazing at not a whale, but a whale's penis. Whenever I tired of strolling through the chill aisles of the aquarium, I'd steal off to my place on the bench of the high-ceilinged stillness of the exhibition room and spend hours on end there contemplating this whale's penis.”
"Hey! Wait! Don't go out! It's unsafe! Wild Pokémon live in tall grass! You need your own Pokémon for your protection. I know! Here, come with me!"
BLUE? Let me think… Oh, that's right. I told you to come! Just wait! Here, RED! There are 3 Pokémon here! Haha! They are inside the Poké Balls. When I was young, I was a serious Pokémon trainer! In my old age, I have only 3 left, but you can have one! Choose!
I always talked about you, Zidane. How you were a very special person to us, because you taught us all how important life is. You taught me that life doesn't last forever. That's why we have to help each other and live life to the fullest. Even if you say goodbye, you'll always be in our hearts. So, I know we're not alone anymore. Why I was born... How I wanted to live... Thanks for giving me time to think. To keep doing what you set your heart on... It's a very hard thing to do. We were all so courageous... What to do when I felt lonely... That was the only thing you couldn't teach me. But we need to figure out the answer for ourselves... I'm so happy I met everyone... I wish we could've gone on more adventures. But I guess we all have to say goodbye someday. Everyone... Thank you. Farewell. My memories will be part of the sky...
In the end, it boils down to two simple choices. Either you do or you don't. You'd think with all the problems in this world, there'd be more answers. It's not fair... but that's the way things are. The choice is yours.
Never would I have imagined running into you in a place like this. It must be fate. But you cannot rest your wings yet... Fly home to your mother, my little canary. I, too, will welcome you home with open arms.
...Do not limit memory to just one individual's experiences from birth. That is only the surface. Every life born into this world, whether natural or artificial, requires a parent. And that parent also requires a parent. Life is connected, one to another... If you trace the root of all life, there exists one source. The same can be said for memory. All life constitutes an intelligence that holds memory beyond experience. Memory is not isolated within individuals. It is an accumulation of generations of memories that continues to evolve. You can say that memory and evolution go hand in hand. But most life-forms do not understand the true nature of memories... ...which explains why most memories never cross paths and are left..."untangled."
I thought about a lot of things, like where I was, what I'd gotten myself into. I started to feel light-headed, and then, sleepy. I think I had a dream - a dream of being alone. I wanted someone - anyone - beside me, so I wouldn't have to feel alone anymore.
Sir Jecht showed it to me when I was a child. He called it the "Sublimely Magnificent Jecht Shot Mark III".
Ah, of course. "Protect the summoner, even at the cost of one's life." The Code of the Guardian. How admirable. 
Yuna chose her own path. She knew from the beginning what it meant. All we can do is protect her along the way. Until the end.
"When the forces of darkness descend, in the name of justice, this fist! In the name of truth, these muscles! In the name of honor, this blood! Ha ha! Champion of truth and justice, Grand Papillon! Ready to fight all evil-doers!"
“You can’t be serious… Not in such a pure, clean, mega-hit RPG as this…!”
My mother gave her life protecting me from the monsters. But when I looked into her eyes a moment before she died, it ignited in me the blood of my father that had been laying dormant. A fire ignited in me, and my emotions exploded like a hurricane.
It's Reyn time!
I never did it that way before.
Did anyone ever watch Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as a kid? Like the early 2003 one? That show ruled.
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
Clones are people two.
Be humble... you're not THAT great.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
Neil Armstrong tripped.
Never argue with someone when they're tired -- or rested.
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
Never buy from a rich salesman.
Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.
Never commit yourself!  Let someone else commit you.
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never drink Coca-Cola in a moving elevator.  The elevator's motion coupled with the chemicals in Coke produce hallucinations.  People tend to change into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the window.  (Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.)
Never eat more than you can lift.
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
Never go to bed mad.  Stay up and fight.
Never hit a someone with glasses; hit them with a baseball bat.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Never let someone who says it cannot be done interrupt the person who is doing it.
Never say "Oops" in an operating room.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert. AMAZING BUT TRUE AMIRITE?
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.
America is a large friendly dog in a small room.  Every time it wags its tail it knocks over a chair.
An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
Stop reading this monitor and have another drink.
Poke Siobhan for me.
Natasha's in the mood for 21 birthday bumps. I SAID SO GO DO IT NOW.
THE PREVIOUS STATEMENT WAS FALSE.
Did you know Daniel can talk about Homestar Runner for 40 mintues straight?
Dylan can read minds and levitate. Ask him about it.
Darcy knows what you're thinking. All the time every time.
Vicky has killed someone. Ask her about it. It was really anime-style...
And that's the way it is...
Be the envy of other major Communist Governments!
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been wrong in the first place.
Analysis, Mr. Spock?
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
WEAPONRY: An index of the lack of development of a culture.
Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.
Welcome to UNIX!  Enjoy your session!  Have a great time!  Note the use of exclamation points!  They are a very effective method for demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking sentence!  However, there are drawbacks!  Too much unnecessary exclaiming can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on the reader!
Step 1) Find a poly-sci major in the room, ask them about the difference between theory and IR. Step 2) Tell them you're not really into  Pokemon.
PIKACHU I CHOOSE YOU
"I'm told that Dostoevsky wrote "The Brothers Karamazov" to raise the question of whether there is a God.  So why didn't he just come right out and say: "Is there a God?  It sure beats the heck out of me."
Well begun is half done.
Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
We're living in a golden age.  All you need is gold.
What a strange game.  The only winning move is not to play.
What, after all, is a halo?  It's only one more thing to keep clean.
What an artist dies with me!
What do I consider a reasonable person to be?  I'd say a reasonable person is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes that into account when dealing with others.
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
yyyOuuu caan''t't desssTRoおっっy me... 
NAND, NOR, NOT, XOR, AND, OR, and some gate we haven't figured out yet....
What excuses stand in your way?  How can you eliminate them?
What fools these morals be! (or mortals)
What fools these morals be!
Or does it explode?
Huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh....
Find Greg and ask him to tell you about Batman.
Find Alex and ask her to tell you about Greg talking about Alexa.
Find Darcy and tell her to tell you about Dan talking about Natasha, then find Natasha and ask her to tell you about Darcy talking about Dan talking about Natasha.
Has anyone died yet?
Boooooooring!
What is comedy?  Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.
What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
What most people want is all of the power but none of the responsibility.
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What soon grows old?  Gratitude.
What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.
What they said: what they meant? NO IDEA GUYS...
TINY ELEPHANTS ARE THE TINY MAYORS OF TINY TOWN
Gin and Tonic anyone?
Nope, okay....
Geez you guys. Do you even know whose basement you're in?
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.
What we wish, that we readily believe.
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
When I have one foot in the grave I will tell the truth about women.  I shall tell it, jump into my coffin, pull the lid over me, and say, "Do what you like now." -- Tolstoy
THE NAME ISN'T BOND BECAUSE I'M A COMPUTER YO
lolololololololol...
#yolo420swag
xkcd.com/356
